!! Global
*.text.justify: center
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
border.width: 5
padding.width: 0

!! Menu
menu.overlap.x: -20
menu.overlap: -20
menu.border.color: #86ACF9
menu.border.width: 3
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #86ACF9
menu.title.text.color: #F0F5FE
menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #86ACF9
menu.items.text.color: #EBE3ED
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #525252
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:  #9EBDFA
menu.items.active.text.color: #333C4D

!! Active Windows
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #86ACF9
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.border.color: #86ACF9

!! Inactive Windows
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #456AB5
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #eeeeeee
window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #eeeeeee
window.inactive.border.color: #456AB5
